welcome to sam's business growth show
i'm sam dunning a digital marketing
sales and business growth evangelist
tune in and subscribe today as i'll be
interviewing business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe you'll be learning their story
how digital marketing has helped them
along the way and exclusive tips
insight to help you skyrocket your own
business
[Music]
and welcome back to a fresh episode of
sam's
business growth show i'm excited today
to be joined by jay
ludgrave jay is the co-founder over at
gl pro uk a full service digital
marketing agency
based around creating social content
whilst never forgetting the reason for
marketing via social media
sales jay comes from a highly respected
sales background and has implemented his
skill set to drive business and assist
and help others he's also a keynote
speaker
talking about marketing social media
entrepreneurship video podcasting
everything in between jfo very warm
welcome squire
how are you today i'm very very well sam
i'm very very well although i gotta get
me a beautiful background like you i
love that you look fantastic
dude it's not real it's just a sheet but
don't tell anyone okay
[Laughter]
good man so looking forward to chatting
today jay we're going to be talking
thing
all things content marketing and um
if it actually drives revenue if it
drives leads and if it drives bottom
line
but before we get to that good stuff
please do give everyone tuning in a
quick snapshot into jay ludgrave who you
are
how you got into business and what
you're about sir sure
um so i've been in business uh since
uh well whenever i started working about
17 or so
um but the current business i'm in is
content creation agency and where we
we started essentially was um we started
a podcast
my co-founder and i have been best
friends for i think
20 years next year um as you know the
band has been around for 20 years i
think we might have been friends
slightly longer longer
um and as i said we were in bands and we
did a whole bunch of stuff
and everyone got to be busy everyone had
big time jobs everyone was always busy
doing something
and we didn't necessarily have an excuse
to hang out so
tony um started a podcast tony and i
started a podcast called how to write a
tune
and we sat down with musicians and
talked about
literally that how how the songwriting
process is
um i thought it was kind of an important
conversation because it was a chat i've
had a thousand times backstage or
during rehearsal or soundcheck or
something like that literally you know
tons of musicians oh how'd you write
that and some interesting bits get
kicked around
but i'd never had that conversation with
an audience so the whole idea of the
podcast was essentially was to sit down
and
some musicians which was me and tony uh
and some real musicians
talk about kind of the process for me
what that did was it was basically give
me this intro into podcasting
and i found that i loved it as you can
tell i i talk too much on a daily basis
um so podcasting is a real perfect sort
of aim for me
um so off the back of that podcast we
tony and i neither of us worked in
marketing neither has worked in content
creation or production or anything like
that we had a studio
from when um we we had bands and we had
a recording studio that we used to
make albums out of but we'd never done
kind of anything like this
what we found was is that no one was
podcasting five or six years ago
so um we pushed out and started offering
essentially podcast production services
to people like me
because if i didn't have a tony i would
never have podcasted um i still to this
day have only edited one because he
really really made me
uh and we have edited thousands of shows
um
but what we found essentially from from
podcasting was um
i i i did the usual sales tactic i
bought some data in local areas and was
like right these are the companies i'm
going to contact
sure where she found business was
facebook
and that was completely brand new for me
right and i used to tell people this and
they'd be like
facebook you found business off facebook
and basically five six years ago social
selling wasn't really
as an understood thing as it is today so
what i was doing without realizing it
was social selling i was going and
um finding clients i was uh prospecting
essentially i was
by going to groups podcasting groups
where people wanted to be
um you know in a start podcast or talk
about podcasts i'd be in there
and i'd make sure i was the first person
to respond to any any requests for a new
show or
or some sort of production where that
kind of expanded was
is is the us just understand podcasting
always have uh as far as i can tell
certainly a lot more than the uk have
uh for a lot longer so all of our
business came from the uk and it was all
found on facebook or linkedin
and i never actually used that data that
we we spent far too much money
purchasing as a new company
however with the companies we did start
working with in the uk
they tended to be really big innovators
so
um because of that they were big enough
and ugly enough and hairy enough to say
let's try this podcast thing so tony and
i found ourselves kind of in the back
door
of a bunch of different really really
big companies
and as you can as i said beforehand i
clearly can't show up and
my colleague tony is just as uh just as
loud as proud as i am so we would be in
the back of these big teams and be like
no that's wrong um so so from there we
kind of expanded the podcasting
which was audio only at one time into
video
into design and essentially now we are a
full service content creation agency
that provide
all of the content which is an overused
word in my industry
um that is used in marketing good on you
man and it sounds like uh you saved
yourself a few
cold calls from that data list
100 and it amazes me because i still use
that cold calling mentality like i used
to be a 250 cool
smile while you dial hit the phones ah
leave with your ear bleeding kind of guy
or at least i thought of myself as that
i don't know how much i i genuinely did
it but
that was the the sort of sales i'd come
from and that was
you know the old adage of sales being a
contact sport you have to make more
contacts
was what i always used to go by what i
did was i used all of that sensibility
and all of that mindset of how to be
furious when you're prospecting and
turned it around and started doing it
with regards to social selling
which was great because it meant i could
really go furiously at
prospecting and finding the right people
as opposed to just calling and calling
and calling and hoping that you stumbled
across the right person
so now uh you know it's it's not 250
calls it's like 12 emails
like i might send 12 messages to 12
people who i know exactly why i can help
them
i i know what they need um i know what
they've done recently and i can send a
message to them saying like hey sam
love the podcast have you thought about
which i know will help you because of
blah blah blah which is to be honest
made the whole sales process
significantly more enjoyable and an
awful lot easier
spot on and that leads us nicely into
the subject so content marketing right
now i think anyway jay is a bit of a
buzzword
it's something that's flying around all
over the shop linkedin other social
media channels
um i'd be interested to hear your
perspective on what it actually
means if you've got a summary of it i
know i think of it in my head but that
might be completely different to what
you think
i agree it's wonderful so um it's a
really good question because like i say
content is a dirty word as far as i'm
concerned because we just overuse it
everything's content
a written post is content a videos
content a long form podcast or
you know long form webinar is content
content contact
what i would essentially say is that
content marketing
is when marketing is using something
some media to put that message across
the reason why it's important and i
think you're right i think it is the
buzzword at the moment
is that more and more companies have now
led into understanding that social media
is necessary evil
and i say that because that's how people
talk of it um
and those people who have now invested
in social they've got people within
their business saying like
how do i post this often like what do
you want me to say i can't just keep
saying how cool we are
like i need other ways to say the other
messaging if
you know to be successful on twitter you
need to tweet every four hours to make
sure that you're catching
everywhere in the world if you're going
to post on instagram it has to be at
least daily
you know so that's potentially 30 photos
or 30 videos
every single month and it's a huge
amount so
content marketing is a way of of
essentially creating multiple
pieces of media let's say so i don't use
the word content
so we're creating multiple pieces of
media all based around
one message a great example would be
this podcast
the podcast itself is content great and
it's coming out live and that's kind of
one great we can call that one at the
top from that you can then walk away
with
uh an audio version of the show which
can be released you know in a month or
two
and you could you've recorded it i know
because you were talking about it before
the show um
so you could also release that onto
youtube so just from doing this
one activity this one message we're
actually going to walk away with a
minimum of three pieces of content
before you start hacking it up and
taking short form pieces or a screenshot
or something or something got it got it
nice explanation
in terms of the when we're thinking of
initially creating
let's say a piece of content should we
go for the long form option
firstly is that going to save us a lot
of time jay for example we could put
together
one really big ebook or one big podcast
and then from there we've got so many
different forms that we can then output
in like you said into a video format
into short clips and promo and stuff
like that is that is that the way to go
or
are there other options it's certainly
um
the easiest way to go in as much as
you're putting something real nice and
big into
um the funnel the reason i like for our
clients to try and create a longer form
piece of content
is that they're busy doing their jobs
right
so because they're busy doing their jobs
day in day out i don't think that they
should be like carving off
half an hour every day to make another
video
if you can do something like a podcast
and walk away with half an hour an hour
worth of content
it's very easy for a company like us to
come along and say great
well at this point and this point jay
actually shut up and sam was given a
chance to talk
so we're going to cut those two minutes
and we're going to release that and
sam's now
got a promo for the show so and that's
really the case if you start with a nice
long piece of
form content at the top then that long
form content it's much easier to make a
say an article or a written blog out of
a long-form piece of content because
someone can listen to the whole thing
get ideas from it take a few snippets
boom it's much harder to write a decent
blog about two minute video
so i'd always suggest to start something
long like we're doing here
because it gives you the capacity to
create actual
you know 10 15 20 pieces of content off
of half an hour as opposed to trying to
spend half an hour creating one piece of
content
10 or 15 or 20 times got it and if
you've got any i'll put you on the spot
a bit jay
have you got any advice for let's say
we're in quite an unusual sector
so a lot of us who be tuning in might be
b2b business people professional sales
professionals marketers etc
what if say i'm a gardener jay if i'm a
if i'm a gardener i want to drum up some
business
i want to get well stuck into content
marketing but all i've got is my shovel
in spain i'm not going to say anymore
because i'm just going to piss off a lot
of gardeners
but let's uh let's say i am
what kind of content could i be
producing it's a far more nuanced
industry than that and you leave them
alone sam
um so
i think ultimately the the problem
people make with any kind of content
marketing is trying to sell
you don't need to sell if people stumble
across your thing and you're a business
you're selling and we know that right we
all know that we're all informed buyers
now we all have google
we all find what we want to find and you
know we get there so
if you're a gardener if you're a plumber
if you're someone well away from any of
this content marketing thing and
everyone's shouting content
you can still do this the same same idea
because your clients
still have a certain set of problems
now don't talk about the fact that hi at
jay's gardeners we fix your
rhododendrons no
instead do a video on how road and
rhododendrons need certain care
right or talk about the damage that
rhododendron
disease could do to other plants or
something like that talk about messaging
which fits around your services
you don't necessarily just want to talk
about anything but if you talk about
something that goes around your services
then your clients have different ways of
searching for something and being like
oh
okay so sam talked about that the other
day i wonder if he could help me with
that as well
and that's the way to go so gardener
plumber bricklayer
i don't care if you if you'll speak to
someone
and solve a problem for them then you
can create content
awesome awesome and that you say can be
applied to any industry
just understanding like you say the
questions or the common problems
that your ideal clients have so yeah
bring it back to gardening how do we how
do we plant this how do we service this
how do we do this
creating content around that that's
informative and
going from there really it sounds like
well the thing is
is gardener's a great example but you
know what so is digital marketer
there are so many of us right
there's so many there's so many digital
marketers out there right there's a
thousand gurus jedis
uh what else ninjas didn't ninjas thank
you sir
that is the top three um right so many
of those crazy job titles that crazy
people are putting up there but who can
offer the same services we do
we're much more expensive than them we
have a whole business here
um we provide an awful lot more services
a one-man band is always going to be
undercut us
why would someone want to come and work
with us is the question i'm always
asking people right why do we want to
work with you sam why do a lot of people
want to work at sam's gardeners right
there's loads of other gardeners around
so
it's you the it's the old adage right
sales has always been that people buy
from people
people see these videos with me on it
and go don't want to work with that guy
he swears too much and he's all handsy
all the time right
great now we know or they see us and say
okay well they're
doing exactly the thing we want to do
and talking about the right messaging
maybe i should give them a call same
with the gardener i can go into the
yellow pages show my age i can go into
google and i can pull up 100 gardeners
in my local area
and everyone's all fighting for the same
business why do i choose gardener a over
gardener z
what's the difference ultimately it's
going to be the person but
do i have to as the buyer contact every
single gardener
or every single supplier in my area who
gives a service
and ask them about themselves to find
out if i like them i want to work with
them because as a buyer
i'm never going to do that right you
know there are no magic buyers so
desperate to spend money that they're
calling through your competitors and
saying
hey jay i went through everyone and
you're the best so put it out there
show why people work with you show why
you're an expert show what you do
differently i'm sure there's something
even if you're doing exactly the same
thing you still have a good usp
so do that put it yourself across and as
awkward as video is
it is it's really really awkward and
horrible and you know we're all too
fat and we hate our double chins and the
sound of our voice right
but that's what people see that's what
people see when they make you so if you
can get over yourself and be able to
start like creating
or recording some video the wonderful
thing is only you have to release it
you know you're the one who pressed send
if you really hate it you don't have to
do it
more importantly it gives your clients a
chance to be like ah that's jay
that's what he does that's what he's
about i'm gonna get in touch with him
if you're not doing that why should
people get in contact with you
because i don't know it makes sense so
let's say we've worked out
who we want to get in front of we've
worked out the kind of content we're
going to start
with so perhaps we're putting together
some videos maybe we're starting a
podcast maybe we even decided to write a
full-on ebook
um explaining the three top ways to do x
y and zed
in our ideal industry so we've put
together this content is there a
specific channel
or channels that we should be then be
distributing this content out on jay for
example website linkedin facebook
twitter
what do you think and it all comes down
to the who um
so the social platform that you choose
is is
absolutely dependent on the your
audience
okay so there is no point posting a
bunch of business content on tick tock
it's not it's not going to sit in front
of the right people you know you know
real
high level this is where you buy your
printer ink right you're not going to
have success for that on tick tock
however post that onto linkedin you're
going to sit in front of the right
people so
actually what it's about is assessing
your customers assessing um
who your audience base is and looking
how
they communicate now that sounds like a
bunch of fancy marketing stuff
you have to employ someone to do this
you do not and here are some simple ways
if you look at a service you're looking
to provide
as i said earlier there is absolutely
other people providing that service
okay that's a very nice thing there is
always another digital marketer or
another gardener or whoever you do
there's ton of people doing it go and
look at them and see the people
see what social media platforms they
have and see where they're being
successful
if you see any of your clients and you
should follow your clients on
social media platforms when you're
following them and you see they like
something on something
great that's a bright platform for you
so it can take a bit of research and it
can take a bit of looking but
the general rule of thumb is b2c is
facebook
and instagram b2b is linkedin
and and instagram and also tick tock
also sits in
in b2c twitter kind of its own beast and
can be
very agnostic to who it's speaking to
however
i personally think that twitter is
starting to see the decline
as it doesn't have all the features that
people seem to enjoy in the other social
media platforms so
whether starting a twitter account right
now is the best course of action
i'll leave for you to decide no fair
enough and
let's say we've we've worked out where
our ideal customers are sitting on j
we've sorted out the channels we've
started kicking out this content
um how quickly can we get results how
quickly can the leads be flying in is it
day one of
post the leads are coming in or is it a
long game is it a medium game
yeah so um interestingly when you're
talking about my bio one of the things
we always say is that marketing doesn't
work
without sales okay right we always say
that because
it's not quick a salesperson you can
employ them and see a direct roi
within some months right it's for your
nice boss you give them all the training
you can actually start to see them pay
for themselves
in a very short period of time now paid
advertising
similar thing you're going to pay
literally for the business to come in
the problem with both with with those
directions is that you have to
pay to make them happen marketing or
content marketing
essentially every time you create an
asset a create a video or you create a
ebook or any sort of piece of content
you're creating an asset for your
business
which can be reused multiple times just
like a laptop is an asset for the
business or
your phone is an asset for the business
the more you use that asset the more
profitable it becomes
so you can release a p a piece of
content on a video for instance on
linkedin
well that can also be released on
instagram it can also be released on
facebook so
everything it costs you with time and
the energy or the money that it took you
to create that one video has now been
cut into thirds because you're using
across all three platforms to see an roi
that's always the case um unfortunately
people want people kind of like used to
understand that marketing takes a long
time and then social media happened and
oh right i want
results now if you're creating assets
for the business they will be more and
more profitable for you as time goes on
but it's not something that's going to
happen in six months it's not something
that's going to happen
next next week however if you
specifically create content that can
bolster your sales
i don't necessarily mean only people who
have great big huge sales teams
i mean anyone who is doing the selling
it makes life easier if you can say
hey sam i know i called you two months
ago and you weren't interested
but i just want to see if um this video
is of interest
right i thought it's about you you know
something that would really sit well
with your business
and thought i'd send it over it's a
really good excuse for me to get in
contact with sam and say hey dude
wanna buy some stuff right but you know
that that message never has never worked
for anyone
so if i can send a video and be like
here's some value here's something that
might help you
it can open up a new conversation for us
and that can get you roi
day one the other really quick roi from
content
is your perception of your current
clients when we first started releasing
videos regularly and my first videos
were literally me
just going like hi guys blah blah blah
blah blah it was all shaky
uh and it was all over the place i don't
i was filming like this
um so you know they had no production
behind them at all within a month
of releasing video every single day
which was a mistake that i made then
don't try and keep up to now once or
twice a week is fine um
but from literally from in a month of
starting to release content on a regular
basis
each one of our clients got in touch and
we're like oh i know you're doing really
well can we still afford you
and i was like but we're interested so i
was like yes nothing's changed i
please say you can still afford me right
i didn't start making videos to make you
go away to find other business
but literally the perception within our
client base and some of these people are
family like i've known them for an awful
long time worked with them for
for ages just the perception they had by
us releasing these videos but that we
were
doing so well that they wouldn't be able
to afford us
that in itself has its own incredible
incredible power
such a great point perception um i mean
i can't tell you the amount of times
where
it's like you say content marketing well
and truly is is the long game getting in
front of people getting in front of your
ideal customers
showing your face regularly daily if you
want to do it or a few times a week with
how frequently you're posting depending
on what your schedule allows but
the amount of times i've had people mess
with me saying sam i've been following
content for this long like this many
months or this many weeks and i thought
i'd reach out it's just
incredible that you can actually be in
front of people for so long
and then when they trust you this much
then they'll get in touch
i think links links back into content
marketing nicely as it's
it's not a one-time thing it's not like
you hammer out this one video
and all the leads are gonna suddenly
start flying in but it's usually the
tipping point or if they've followed you
for this long or they've seen this much
of your content that now they're at the
stage they've just seen the right piece
of information that now now on the stage
to
give you a call or dvd or email you
depending on what the and it's about
that brand awareness it's about that
perception
so you know right now there's about to
be an awful lot of people looking for
work
okay so it's going to be a flooded
market and what you're saying is that
you're going to be essentially an entity
which is going to have a lot of
competition and you are differentiating
yourself by
also sending a cv okay
that's good i like that interesting and
then when they come to your linkedin
they
find nothing hmm pretty powerful
don't do that same thing with a business
right there's a load of other digital
marketing companies we differentiate
ourselves by saying like this is us
we're silly
uh the md swears too much uh this is who
we are we
look at all these things we're creating
right we're really our own dog food
so we can differentiate ourselves from a
company who might do all of the same
services just as well
but from the outside point of view
unless i call them and find out and get
a proposal from them and gl pro
i don't know that right so it's putting
yourself out there now for all those
people looking for work
now is a very very good time to be
releasing some video content because
guess what employers are is
it's an employer's market they have the
absolute pick of the litter
they can choose the puppy with the great
big ears and the great big
great big feat right now and they can
get them cheap so how are you going to
stand out and show your big paws and
your big ears off
release video show people who they're
going to work with it's not necessarily
something you got to do forever
but if you're looking for work putting
that open to work banner
on linkedin it's not enough i see it
constantly and i see it from people who
are definitely in work
like so i'm already blind to that when
i'm going to employ you
why am i going to employ you right it's
it's you
versus loads of other people the the
person who you're
literally up against in the final two
jobs
before i actually interview anyone you
could have sat next to at university
they could have done the same job as you
for your entire career there could be no
difference whatsoever on it
but when i see a video and be like like
that guy or wow
they're real serious and to the point
that's exactly what we need for the role
all of a sudden i'm going to screw up
one of those cvs and that's the person
i'm talking to
yeah good point great way to stand out
on the inbox send a video instead of the
hundreds or thousands of cvs that are
coming in
um bit of a bold statement but i think
sometimes we've just got
take the balls and just make it happen
because just think of linkedin messages
for example
the amount of spammy dms like for
example i probably get between 10 and 15
pictures
a day that are just generic this is what
i do this is
how great my service is this time the
awards have one now do you want to quote
or whatever
but if you sent me a real tailored video
30 second video where it just kind of
explained oh sam i've seen that you do x
we can actually help you with why
i understand you do this i'll probably
respond to it because i never get videos
i think the last time i got a tailored
video message or tailored audio message
was about a month ago
so it just shows how few there are yeah
and how
how good a way is to connect i got a ton
recently because we were
employing a new uh we had a new employee
basically we're looking to
build more of our sales team out and i
got a ton of dm
uh videos on linkedin because recruiters
because i was out there now recruiters
are a real interesting thing to look at
on linkedin because they owned the space
for quite some time everyone remembers
when linkedin was just your cv
right your cv was up there and
everyone's tv um
that's because recruiters are using it
so much it made sense they actually
changed the way people use the platform
because they were so big on it
it's quite nice to see them now looking
at new innovative ideas how to stand out
amongst
uh all the other recruiters when it's
now given you know first
first the person we employed was from
recruitment
day one here's linkedin right you know
in fact you start using linkedin this is
how you're gonna do your job
so i got quite a few videos but i'm like
yourself i don't get that many and i get
so many pictures i get so many pitches
before they speak to me they don't say
hi jake well they do they say hi jay how
are you and here's my pitch
so i'm not interested i probably would
be interested in in looking at that
pitch or actually giving it the time of
day
if at very least it was a video right if
it was a video of someone because
the the minute or two that my dyslexic
brain will take to get through that
short pitch
can be said in 30 seconds and i can be
engaged the whole time like
oh my that's all the stuff i like so
it's
it's just ways and ways of using content
to make sure that you're getting
yourself out there and i think
dm video is a real powerful route that
not many people are using yet
agreed okay jay let's pretend we're a
start-up business
and we're thinking of getting into
content marketing we haven't got much of
a budget
perhaps it's just our own business
perhaps we've only got a couple members
of staff
what can we get stuck into that's not
going to break the bank or perhaps we
can do with next to no budget
that can actually get some content
flowing for us and over time perhaps get
us some inbound inquiries and leads
sure well one of the reasons that i know
you and i both love podcasting sam
is that after the initial investment of
a little bit of equipment
it's free essentially you know it's a
real easy way
to have great conversations with people
who are like-minded
and also get yourself out there so a
podcast is a really really easy way
of starting yourself to create content
but what i'd actually say that the
problem most people do is they
launch themselves into something like a
podcast day one or a youtube channel or
something
what they haven't done is tick the boxes
what do you do
why are you good at it what does it
solve why why why why why right
go out and look at the services you
provide if you're if we you know our
startup has
three core services let's make sure that
we create
a bunch of different messages about each
core service
so if we use my business as an example
um quite clearly we provide podcast
production
so i could say hi everyone jay here from
gl pro podcasting's fantastic in contact
gl pro
but no one cares or i could talk about
how businesses use podcasting to get a
better roi
out of our content marketing or i could
talk about how the benefits of
podcasting to be able to get through the
customers that you haven't been able to
get through to selling to them
because you can actually open a
conversation invite them as a guest if i
do
other videos around what we sell not the
thing that we sell
but around what we sell and the problems
that your customers might provide
that's not too bad so the first thing i
would do if we were a startup i would
sit down and say
here are three core services can we come
up with say
four ideas for each of these core
services
that talk about the problems we fix
because that's what someone's gonna
search someone's not gonna search
jay's podcast production company please
they're gonna search
podcast production south west london
and see what they find and see who comes
up so you want to release messages that
could pretty much be what people search
and that's going to be sort of better
and come back to you once we've come up
with this say 12 ideas
i would then the the main thing i would
spend money on a tripod right get a
tripod so your phone's stuck in one
place
great that means you can get the
lighting right you can see it and make
sure that you know it's good and be like
okay
do i need a little bit more here oh
that's too much okay good now i know
um and then for a day if we're a startup
we have a day's time
spend one day creating those 12 videos
right it's three or
four ideas per each of our core services
we're looking to get 12
videos each video a minute or two
minutes
nothing too much if you do that you
could potentially have
set yourself up to release two videos a
month for six months
just off one day worth of work more
importantly
all of the messaging you release all of
those videos where you're releasing two
videos a month
are all going to be based around your
core services which unfortunately is
something i see a lot of companies
actually
miss they don't take that box of like we
do this they're too busy talking about
the cool things that they maybe want to
do in the future
much better to like say we do this this
is how we do it this is what we fix this
is what we fix
this is what we fix because that's what
people care about they don't care about
what you do
they care about the problem they have
and how potentially you can fix it
awesome awesome love it love it um and
like you say
it's minimal minimal cost once you've
got the kit you can crack on
think about think about the problems you
solved or how you make people's lives
better and just start creating the
content
i think the key is just to start doing
it it really is
you have a device yeah no and it's not
gonna be forever exactly it doesn't have
to be the best content
when tony and i started recording music
way way way back when
it was a nightmare you had to buy a desk
and like mics and stuff and things now
you can just get a laptop and
like record that we all have a studio
right here in our hands right it's a you
can edit in it
you can release on it you can you can
record on it
so you don't have an excuse not to be
able to hit record right i understand
that we did it in the past because i
don't have a big old camera thing
well you do now so you can give it a go
and release it
and what's really nice is you can post
it out to your audience and if people
hate it
delete it if people love it or if people
say hey you know this is okay
but i'd love it if it did such and such
then
great we're in a place where you can
then amend your content moving forward
so it talks better to your audience
spot on dude and for anyone uh tuning in
rather than watching jay's talking about
a smartphone
yes i am apologies oh yeah i look known
podcaster
showing things to the audio only guys
yes i was waving around my podcast you
gorgeous audio listeners jay it's been
an absolute pleasure man we've covered
some great ground in terms of content
creation and how we can get cracking
with it
uh everybody you've been tuning into
sam's business growth show where we sit
down with business leaders
experts and entrepreneurs from around
the globe who find out their story
how digital marketing has helped along
the way and they're exclusive tips and
insights to help you skyrocket
yourselves and skyrocket your
business jay um if you could pick only
one digital marketing channel
for businesses to get stuck into that
would help them from now which one would
be your choice
linkedin had to say that as quick as
possible because linkedin is still
hugely underutilized i could delete
every other platform and we could still
make as much money as we do today
i could get rid of my phone i could
delete my maybe not my email
but i could get rid of all of these
methods of contact if i still had
linkedin
it is easily the most powerful way of
contacting other people in business
now if you're b2c that's not the case
but that's what i do so that's why the
platform i love
yeah fair play dude i wish they could
link in my email to linkedin
i spent so much time on it imagine it
i'm just on gmail
uh two or three hours a day sucks in so
if it will come in one platform
if you don't mind me shouting about a uh
a startup company which i've started
working with recently
um absolutely blinding company called
source whale
really worth checking out they've
actually created a service which which
connects
your email to linkedin without breaking
any of linkedin's rules it's a chrome
plug-in
meaning that you can literally put
together a list on linkedin
and then find and email each one of
those person from source whale
a really good company brand new still at
that wonderful stage where you can say
does it and they say yeah yeah sure
tomorrow um which is a wonderful enough
stage but
source wells well worth checking out for
those people using linkedin and wanting
to add email into the process
i have to have a look at that awesome
man i would like to ask if you could
thank just one person either dead or
alive having a positive influence on
your
life and your career who would that be
and why
very easy now i know she won't turn
around even though we can kind of see
her right about yonder
um but someone took a real punt on me
back in the day which was uh michelle
livington yeah she ran a company which i
work for
and started in lead generation and
worked all the way up to becoming a
sales director
without uh her support and
just knowing that i'm a moody soul
sometimes and i'm a real emotional fool
but without kind of pointing that in the
right direction
i wouldn't be where i am today i
wouldn't have been able to help that
company out and i certainly wouldn't
have
sold half of what i did um so it's an
easy one for me
uh alive and michelle amen
and cheers to marketers that sell um
jay tell us a bit more about your
business how people can learn from you
how people can connect with you and the
best way for everyone to get in touch
with your good self
thanks very much um so you can find us
at gl pro uk
so gl pro uk on all of the platforms
or myself jay ludgrove on all the
platforms it's j-a-y-l-u-d-g-r-o-v-e
um we constantly release content and to
show what we do
we also constantly release messaging out
to help people out as you can see
i really don't mind giving away any of
the magic i'm more than happy to
um quite frankly the more i give away
the more people come back and say
hey we've done all of that now can we
have some video so
um yeah find us wherever and also i'm
really hoping to have a conversation
if you want to chat you want to say hi
even if you just got something you've
been scratching your head about
please feel free to send me a dm awesome
man jay really appreciate you coming on
dude
take it easy sam it's a pleasure as
always sir thank you sir and if you
enjoyed the show please
be sure to hit subscribe on your podcast
channel of choice
sam's business growth show apple podcast
stitcher spotify youtube wherever the
heck you get your podcast we've got
interviews with business leaders each
and every week thank you so much for
tuning in
are you tired of constantly hunting for
new customers
you could be missing out on regular
inbound opportunities all because your
website isn't on the first page of
google
perhaps you're already spending lots of
money on advertising but your website is
failing to convert
all of your hard-earned visitors into a
consistent flow
of new customers if you'd like to learn
more about our unusual approach
that brings idle clients straight to you
connect with sam dunning on linkedin
or book a free 20-minute consultation
via webchoiceuk.com
that's webchoiceuk.com
subscribe today for more digital
marketing sales and business growth tips
from the experts